Hackmaster character manager

Short Term Steps:
1) Try out different ideas using the current components, such as:
	A page that combines the button grid section and another section
2) Implement combat grid dialogWindows, as well as items, spells, ect...
3) Add to the character page to make it a full fledged page. this should be
	high priority
4) Split up javascript, template, and html files

Steps:
1) More fully implement the character page
2) Implement a basic character creation process
3) Have perl read and write to mongo
4) For the data issue: store all the data from initial creation, and then
	store new data for every level up. When the page loads the character object
	loads in all the data, then computed observables are set up for the acutaly
	(current) strength and stuff. This way perl is simply an in between between
	the client and mongo. And all the calculations are done client side in js.
	Knockout is smart enough to know to not recalculate things unless something
	changes. Awesome!!!
5) Store data in a level up fasion in mongo. initial creation, and then all
	the changes from each level up
6) JS can write the entire character back to the server after leveling up, and
	after initial creation. And other than that only smaller amounts can be sent
	back. If a user spends building points in between levels then the could go in
	the current max level box. I.e. if a character is level 7 and he spent
	building points some time after he did the level 7 level up, then any changes
	due to his spending of building points would be added to the level 7 section.
	And these type of changes, or changes with what weapons they have or what item
	configurations they have ect... would only write small bits of data back to
	perl / mongo.
7) Make a option on the character page to view a printable version of the
	character. It may be possible to wrap everything that the user sees in a "hide
	from the printer" attribute and then have html that is hidden from the user
	that is printer friendly (i.e. designed to be printed) that way the user can
	just print the charactr page and get a printable character.
	Or there could be a button that takes you to a printable page.
	Also the options for what item configurations you want listed on the character
	sheet needs to be in there (combat grid options, combat rose options, what
	armor to hae listed, as well as spells for mages. The user needs to be able to
	pick all of this)

What do yo think about the outline I have below? Obviously we don't need to do all of it, but I was just trying to come up with something
that is clean and simply (for the user) and that also is expandable with new pages / dialogs / options.

Frontend:
 - When coming to the website asked to either sign in or create an account.

 - Once signed in a row of navigation links at the top and a grid of your caracters as the main portion of the screen, with an extra
   button that says "create a new character".
   Navigation: "Characters"

 	- Clicking on create a new character takes you through a series of steps in creating a character, some steps are skipable, or have a
	  "auto-complete this step for me" type button. 
	  Navigation: "Characters - Character Creation"

		- A screen comes up with three options (in the same button grid layout deal): QuickGenerate, Step-By-Step, Fill-In(Will be flagged as a 
		  house ruled character).
			Navigation: "Characters - Character Creation"

			- Clicking QuickGenerate allows you to pick a race and a class, and then takes you right to the equipment step.
			  Navigation: "Characters - Character Creation"

			- Clicking Step-By-Step lets you go through the 10 steps of making a character, each step is a seperate page.
			  Navigation: "Character - Character Creation - Step 1 - Step 2 - ... - Step 10"

			- Clicking Fill In will ask you for a chracter name, then it will take you to a blank character screen where you can put in all of your own numbers

 	- Instead clicking on a characters takes you to a screen that is a "visual representaion" of the character. A few buttons at the top
 	  let you "Add experience" and  "Manage Combat Profiles". A few (slightly hidden) buttons at the bottom have two more options and that is
 	  "Remove Character" and "Give Full Customization Access"
	  Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName>"

 		- Clicking Add Experience gives you an option to directly set a level for the character (in which case a button will apear that says
 		  "Level up Your character Now") or you can just add experience, or set experience. If enough experience is hit to level up, a button will
 		  appear that says "Level up your character now". 
	      Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName> - Add Experience"

 		- Instead Clicking Manage Combat Profiles will give you a grid of combat roses, with one an extra button that says "add combat grid"
		  Also each Combat rose has two tabs at the top, one that says "Combat Rose" which is by default selected, and another that says,
		  "Combat Grid" which, if selected, turns the rose into a grid that explains the source of the stats (like on the character sheet).
		  Upon returning to this page the grids should stay selected even if returning days later, (i.e. that selection needs to be in 
		  that data some where).
	      Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName> - Combat Profiles"

 			- Clicking on a combat rose will take you to a new page
 			  which is a full detailed combat grid of how the stats were calculated. The navigation bar at the top should read:
	      	  Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName> - Combat Profiles - <CombatProfile>"

			- Instead clicking on add combat grid will turn that square button into something new that basically has a drop down list for body,
			  left hand, right hand, and then another which allows you to add a "custom item", every time a cutom item is added a new drop down list for
			  another custom item is added. This allows you to add things such as "+2 helm of defense" or what not. On this section there is a button
			  to submit the combat profile. When this is clicked this section turns into a new combat rose.
			  Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName> - Combat Profiles"

 		- Instead clicking Remove Character lets you remove the character from the front screen (the data is kept, and an option to restore 
  		  characters is given in character creation. A pop up dialog box is displayed asking for a yes or no and explaining how to restore
		  the character later.
	      Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName>"

 		- Instead clicking Give Full Customization Access brings up a dialog box that says, "Doing this will make this character "House Rules", if
 		  you want to revert this house ruling later you can, and your non house ruled character will be restored.", and then a yes / no option is 
 		  given
	      Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName>"

