Hackmaster character manager

I am thinking php and mysql on linux, but I am open to just about anything you want to do
We can do this in phases as well... first thing is a character generator that when given a class and race will generate an acceptable character.
Then we can work on managing build points and stats as the character levels up.
 
Intial Creation
Leveling Up
Combat Calculator

Next short term step:
Give the DialogWindows functionality. I.e. if it is clicked make it capable of doing something
possibly desired functionality:
when the dialog window is clicked, take me to a new page, change the contents of the DialogWindow, ect..

Steps:
0) Decide whether to use Mongo or MySQL.
1) Design what the character looks like on the data side.
2) Design a Character Object that can be used all over to retrieve and manipulate character data.
3) Make a Character Creator Object that creates Character Objects given certain data.
4) Design a web interface which retrieves info from user and gives it to the backend Character Creator Object.
5) Add leveling up functionality to the Character Creator Object.
6) Make a web interface for leveling up characters.
7) Make "Combat Calculator", a functionality that, given a character and a selection of items and armor and weapons, spits out a combat rose or stat grid
8) Make a front end experience to use the Combat Calculator.

What do yo think about the outline I have below? Obviously we don't need to do all of it, but I was just trying to come up with something
that is clean and simply (for the user) and that also is expandable with new pages / dialogs / options. Basically tring to keep he front end 
design and the back end design expandable. There is a lot in the outline, thats more of a wishlist of functionality, maybe having a smaller 
simpler step one outline would be good. Any way what do you think?

Backend:
Character
CharacterCreator
CombatCalculator

Frontend:
 - When coming to the website asked to either sign in or create an account.

 - Once signed in a row of navigation links at the top and a grid of your caracters as the main portion of the screen, with an extra
   button that says "create a new character".
   Navigation: "Characters"

 	- Clicking on create a new character takes you through a series of steps in creating a character, some steps are skipable, or have a
	  "auto-complete this step for me" type button. 
	  Navigation: "Characters - Character Creation"

		- A screen comes up with three options (in the same button grid layout deal): QuickGenerate, Step-By-Step, Fill-In(Will be flagged as a 
		  house ruled character).
			Navigation: "Characters - Character Creation"

			- Clicking QuickGenerate allows you to pick a race and a class, and then takes you right to the equipment step.
			  Navigation: "Characters - Character Creation"

			- Clicking Step-By-Step lets you go through the 10 steps of making a character, each step is a seperate page.
			  Navigation: "Character - Character Creation - Step 1 - Step 2 - ... - Step 10"

			- Clicking Fill In will ask you for a chracter name, then it will take you to a blank character screen where you can put in all of your own numbers

 	- Instead clicking on a characters takes you to a screen that is a "visual representaion" of the character. A few buttons at the top
 	  let you "Add experience" and  "Manage Combat Profiles". A few (slightly hidden) buttons at the bottom have two more options and that is
 	  "Remove Character" and "Give Full Customization Access"
	  Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName>"

 		- Clicking Add Experience gives you an option to directly set a level for the character (in which case a button will apear that says
 		  "Level up Your character Now") or you can just add experience, or set experience. If enough experience is hit to level up, a button will
 		  appear that says "Level up your character now". 
	      Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName> - Add Experience"

 		- Instead Clicking Manage Combat Profiles will give you a grid of combat roses, with one an extra button that says "add combat grid"
		  Also each Combat rose has two tabs at the top, one that says "Combat Rose" which is by default selected, and another that says,
		  "Combat Grid" which, if selected, turns the rose into a grid that explains the source of the stats (like on the character sheet).
		  Upon returning to this page the grids should stay selected even if returning days later, (i.e. that selection needs to be in 
		  that data some where).
	      Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName> - Combat Profiles"

 			- Clicking on a combat rose will take you to a new page
 			  which is a full detailed combat grid of how the stats were calculated. The navigation bar at the top should read:
	      	  Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName> - Combat Profiles - <CombatProfile>"

			- Instead clicking on add combat grid will turn that square button into something new that basically has a drop down list for body,
			  left hand, right hand, and then another which allows you to add a "custom item", every time a cutom item is added a new drop down list for
			  another custom item is added. This allows you to add things such as "+2 helm of defense" or what not. On this section there is a button
			  to submit the combat profile. When this is clicked this section turns into a new combat rose.
			  Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName> - Combat Profiles"

 		- Instead clicking Remove Character lets you remove the character from the front screen (the data is kept, and an option to restore 
  		  characters is given in character creation. A pop up dialog box is displayed asking for a yes or no and explaining how to restore
		  the character later.
	      Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName>"

 		- Instead clicking Give Full Customization Access brings up a dialog box that says, "Doing this will make this character "House Rules", if
 		  you want to revert this house ruling later you can, and your non house ruled character will be restored.", and then a yes / no option is 
 		  given
	      Navigation: "Characters - <CharacterName>"

How the page is created on the front end:

Javascript classes:
	dialogWindow: 	This is a class that creates a block of html that is essentially a wrapper. So many of the pages described above have
					a grid layout of options. These grids are a grid of 3 rows and any number of columns. The grid is a grid of squares
					and anything can be put inside of them really. So the "Characters" page is a grid of dialogWindows and inside each
					dialogWindow is a character (maybe name, race, class and health or something). Plus one additional dialogWindow that simply
					says "create new character". And takes you to character creation.	

	windowPage:		This is a class that contains zero or more dialogWindows. This is a sequence of dialogWindows where the dialogWindow at position
					0 goes into the 0,0 spot of the grid, and the dialogWindow at position 1 goes in the 1,0 position in the grid, ect... 
					windowPage creates all the html needed for the "grid" section of the page.


Non grid pages (as well as the html that goes inside dialogWindows):
	These pages may just be custom html for each page needed without useing dynamicly created html like dialogWindow and windowPage.
